# Analysis Data

## Pcap Files
##### *example/tutorial/second.cc*
This has a small example of Pcap capture for *Point-to-point* connections.

Just by adding:
```C
pointToPoint.EnablePcapAll ("second");
csma.EnablePcap ("second", csmaDevices.Get (1), true);
```
This starts tracing and creation of *Pcap* files in each *Point-to-point* node, and exports the trace-data, each separate connection in their own file, named "second" followed by the two nodes in the connection.  
Example *second-0-1.pcap* as the file with the connection between node 0 and 1.

## Tracing
For tracing some random specific thing... like... when a specific node receives a specific packet... or... all packets... or a specific packet on any node.... **maybe**... I'm confused... **Simon knows everything**  

This tracing shit is weird and convoluted... I'm confused... the "easy" example (*fourth.cc*)makes no sense to me... not even including the explanation in the NS-3 documentation.

##### *example/tutorial/forth.cc*
Is a general example/introduction to tracing

**This one confuses me**  
They're doing something with their creation of an *Object* but not sure what it is...  
They're saying you need the *object.h* and (in this case) *uinteger.h* files included...  
So you're working with a new iteration of an object already set...?  
Are you supposed to make a copy of the *Object* object somehow...?  
And... who the hell makes a class called *Object*?, that fucking stupid...  

Anyway... inside that object they call another object (not **called** *Object*, but just is one)...  
Is that one supposed to be called *TypeId*, or is that just an example object they're tracing?  

Line 39 to 46 is sevaral method-calls "inside eachother" still being from the same scope, that I don't get... How much of it is needed?  
And how is that allowed? Because they're all methods, the compiler newer "goes deeper"?

Later the *MyObject* class creates an empty *MyObject* method... why?... a constructor? what for, if it's empty?

##### Trying again...
The "*MyInteger*" it's tracing doesn't seem to ever get created... it's being told be "be traced" in the *GetTypeId* method in *MyObject*, but I can't see where it's being made... and having a *MyInteger* as a standard attribute in what seems like a bigger part of the system is weird....  

Afterwards it's making a "personal" function (*IntTrace*) to call, when there's "news" in the traced variable.
The method is given two parameters, *oldValue* and *newValue*, which isolated makes sense... But when the method is setup to be called on the "almost last" line, the parameters aren't "setup"... do "personal" trace-functions always need just two parameters, with the old value first and the new second?

#### I DID get this...
to setup the tracing, when everything is "ready" they use
```C++
myObject->TraceConnectWithoutContext("MyInteger", MakeCallback(&IntTrace));
```
Entering the name *MyInteger* as a string as the first parameter. With the second parameter telling it to make a "callback" to the *IntTrace* method, when something happens to *MyInteger*.

The last line of code is just them changing the variable, so it reacts, and the example has something to "show". 

### Start over